that's a class for oppression that's
okay she seems peaceful my name is Aaron
Gilbert doctor of particle physics
that's step one everywhere
by the way in every crack very hard to
wash off we have dedicated our whole
lives to studying the paranormal now
their sightings all over the city there
are people out there that need our help
Boltzmann you're a brilliant engineer
Aaron no one's better at quantum physics
than you
we can provide a real service I'm
joining the club you guys are really
smart about this science stuff but I
know New York and I can borrow a car
from my uncle ah you didn't disclose
that the vehicle was gonna be a hearse
it's a Cadillac
let's go let's go oh did you want it Ari
I'll let you Liu someone is creating a
device that amplifies paranormal
activity we might be the only ones who
can stop it
Holtzman come on the Hat is too much
right
is it the wiggers a help
here's a bigger picture at hand here
these ghosts can possess the human form
Oh kale now the devil is a liar get out
of my house oh that's gonna leave a mark
the power of pain compels you Wow
you